... [happy]  [50%]
Is that right? / Are you sure? [happy]  [56%]
Yes! Great! I completely agree!  [64%]
Yes, I agree.  [80%]
Yes! Great! I completely agree!  [81%]
Yes, I agree.  [81%]
Wait, is that right?  [90%]
Yes, I agree.  [90%]
Let us move to the next point.  [78%]
Wait, is that right?  [85%]
Let us move to the next point.  [83%]
Wait, is that right?  [86%]
Is that right? / Are you sure?  [71%]
Let us move to the next point.  [72%]
Is that right? / Are you sure?  [68%]
Yes, I agree.  [78%]
Let us move to the next point.  [86%]
Is that right? / Are you sure?  [86%]
Is that right? / Are you sure?  [66%]
Yes, I agree.  [76%]
Is that right? / Are you sure?  [64%]
Wait, is that right?  [69%]
Let us move to the next point.  [71%]
Yes, I agree.  [78%]
Let us move to the next point.  [84%]
Is that right? / Are you sure?  [82%]
Yes, I agree.  [78%]
Let us move to the next point.  [78%]
Is that right? / Are you sure?  [66%]
Let us move to the next point.  [80%]
Yes, I agree.  [78%]
Is that right? / Are you sure?  [46%]
Wow! / That is incredible!  [25%]
I am not certain. / Perhaps.  [34%]
Regarding this topic...  [41%]